Events (#6209)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/graphing/event_stream/_index.md

| `tags:<KEY>`         | This is not a valid search.                                                          |
| `<KEY>:<VALUE>`      | This is not a valid search.                                                          |

To combine multiple terms into a complex query, use the following Boolean operators:

| Operator | Description                                                                                                           | Example                                   |
|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| `AND`    | **Intersection**: both terms are in the selected events (for tags, if nothing is added, `AND` is the default).        | `redis_* AND down`                        |
| `OR`     | **Union**: either term is contained in the selected events. Use a comma (`,`) for tags.                               | `sources:nagios,chef directory OR Mixlib` |
| `NOT`    | **Exclusion**: the following term is NOT in the event. This operator works for strings only—use `-` in front of tags. | `-tags:<KEY>:<VALUE> NOT "<STRING>"`      |

> **Note**: Some of the advanced query language features like boolean logic work only in the event stream page, and are not available in graph tiles or dashboard widgets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Some of the advanced query language features like Boolean logic work only in the event stream page, and are not available in graph tiles or dashboard widgets.
```

### Notifications

Datadog supports `@notifications` in the event stream, for example:

| Example                                 | Description                                                                                      |
|-----------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `@support-datadog`                      | Creates a Datadog support ticket when posted directly to your event stream (including comments). |
| `@all`                                  | Sends a notification to all members of your organization.                                        |
| `@john`                                 | Notifies the user named `john`.                                                                  |
| `@test@example.com`                     | Sends an email to `test@example.com`.                                                            |
| `@slack-<SLACK_ACCOUNT>-<CHANNEL_NAME>` | Posts the event or graph to the specified Slack channel.                                         |

> | `@webhook`                              | Alerts or triggers the Webhook. Check out our [blogpost on Webhooks][3].                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `@webhook`                              | Alerts or triggers the webhook. See the [blog post on webhooks][3].                         |
```
